Spot
=========================

Spot is a Spotify client for iPhone based on [despotify](http://despotify.se/ "despotify - the open source Spotify client library"). You can see a [video of it in action on youtube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARKnvnOCJJg "YouTube - The Birth of Spot, the iPhone Spotify Client").

All dependencies are bundled.

Please note: **You MUST have a Spotify Premium account to use Spot!** Otherwise it'll just crash. Yes, I need to add a check for that...


Contribution notes
------------------------
Please follow these recommendations, or I might not be able to pull changes from your fork:

- Follow Cocoa naming conventions
- Make atomic commits. One feature per commit.
- If you change a .xib or .xcodeproj, describe the change thorougly so I can reproduce it, as it'll probably not merge cleanly and I'll have to remake it manually

Compiling
------------------------
Githubs source download doesn't get you the full source. Some submodule dependencies are missing.

1. Install git
1. git clone git://github.com/nevyn/spot.git  (OR from voxar: git clone git://github.com/Voxar/spot.git)
1. checkout submodules: git submodule init; git submodule update
1. open xcode and compile.
1. If compile fails with errors regarding libogg and/or libvorbis, you might need to ´make install´ libogg and/or libvorbis. Let us know if you need to do this. They are in the Vendor folder.


Known bugs
------------------------
- Playlists don't work (despotify need fixing)
- If despotify looses connection to Spotify, you need to restart Spot (you'll notice by music stopping and Spot stalling on search)


TODO
----
- ArtistBrowseViewController
 - zoom art
 - zoom text
 - react on links in text
- AlbumBrowseViewController
 - zoom art
 - add something in the empty space (artist info here too?)